# Orchestrator agents and verification loops

- [Steve Yegge's blog on Gas Town](https://steve-yegge.medium.com/welcome-to-gas-town-4f25ee16dd04)
- [Article about Gas Town](https://maggieappleton.com/gastown)

Steve Yegge's Gas Town idea has been doing the rounds recently, showcasing a rather complex multi-agent workflow for building things. It is an implementation with some interesting ideas. Some of which I think could make sense in my own agent loop. At the moment I'm still reviewing the PRs for projects that I care about, and I think I'll always continue to do so, but there are some projects where it's probably fine to just let the LLMs actually be involved more deeply in parts of the process.

In Steve Yegge's implementation, there's a 'Mayor' which is your primary interface to the project. Even with my limited Agent usage, the human factor is already a significant bottleneck. I can only write up tasks so quickly, especially given I'm still figuring out all the ways I want to steer the behaviour of agents and sometimes I need to write some new docs just to have them behave how I want.

Having an agent that can take care of some of this, or at least know what questions to ask, would be pretty cool and help with going from a stage where I have an idea I'd like realised but it's not yet specified to the point where I can expect an LLM to do the right thing. I really like how in [this demo](https://x.com/geoffreylitt/status/2014454144103539175) there's a precursor step where an agent helps a person come up with a plan for how to tackle a task, and this involves a bit of a back-and-forth between the human and agent. With the way I've got these agents set up to run, there's no facility for them to ask the human for help. It could be interesting if there was an agent that could be the first-level responder when a sub-agent has queries, and then if the orchestrator can't answer the question it can notify the human.

This orchestrator could also be a prioritiser, if needed. My Agent Loop only has a linear task flow at the moment, but I'd like to switch to a multi-stage task flow where there's a backlog of tasks that can be refined, and then move through a series of states (e.g. backlog, ready, in-progress, in-review, done). I'd like to be able to trigger different behaviours (agentic or otherwise) at each of these stages, or between stages. I'd especially like to be able to have two or more LLMs operating in an adversial set of roles, like with code review, where they go back-and-forth to try and clean up some code beyond just the things that tooling can deterministically check. I'd have to experiment with this to see if it's doable.
